[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hi everyone.
My name is Jay Weidner.
Today we have Tony
Rodrigues who claims
to have been in the
Secret Space Program.
Hi Tony.
>>TONY RODRIGUES: Hey, Jay.
>>JAY: So far we've
learned that you
were involved in some
trauma-based mind
control, which apparently gave
you some psychic abilities.
Once you were in the
Secret Space Program,
you went to the moon,
and you were trained,
and then you went to Mars, where
you were fodder for like bait,
almost, for the soldiers
in a war on Mars
between insectoids and humans.
>>RODRIGUES: We were
a support force.
We were support soldiers.
We weren't trained to be--
I wasn't a full-on soldier.
We were a support
force for there.
And from Mars, I was
shipped to Ceres Colony,
to the Ceres planetoid.
>>JAY: Let's talk about that.
Ceres is a planetoid that
is between Mars and Jupiter,
right on the edge of
the asteroid belt.
>>RODRIGUES: Yes.
>>JAY: How did you get to Ceres?
>>RODRIGUES: One day, an officer
came to get me out of my room
and walked me down a completely
different set of corridors
into a big area that
looked like a mall--
another nice area.
And it was a train station.
The thing is, during the whole
time, I rode on many trains,
so it's hard to distinguish
one from the other.
But it was a completely
different train than anything
I had rode before.
And when it turned on, you could
feel it lift up, and it went.
And there was a--
>>JAY: So it was Maglev.
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
And it was more obvious than
anything else that I'd been on.
And then it went going, and
the people that I rode with
were free.
It wasn't full of
military personnel.
It was full of professionals,
people that were dressed well
and people that were interacting
in that society with authority.
And I could hear them talking.
It was just like being
in a city and listening
to people talk about
their day-to-day business.
It was a different
part of society
than I'd been exposed
to up until that point.
And it lifted off, and it went
into a tunnel and gained speed.
You could feel it accelerate,
and then there was a poof,
like a there was a
feeling and then almost
like a ringing in my ears.
There was something
that happened.
There was a shock--
something.
And then it started
to decelerate.
And when the door opened when we
stopped, it was another planet.
Instead of red dirt, it was gray
dirt, and they were Germans.
I was in a giant hangar
area, a big place
the size of many gymnasiums
that it opened up into,
and there were troops.
It was a day where everybody
was being delivered.
I saw a disc fly over--
your straight-up chrome disc--
and I couldn't believe
what I was seeing.
The other thing--
>>JAY: So you were outside.
>>RODRIGUES: We were inside.
It was underground.
It was that big.
>>JAY: A carrier so big that--
>>RODRIGUES: The
disc flew over us,
and there was a kind
of electrical crackle
when it went over.
You could feel
static electricity.
>>JAY: Back to the flash--
you said you felt a shock
or electricity or what?
>>RODRIGUES: Like
a poof, a poof.
>>JAY: And what did you feel?
>>RODRIGUES: And slightly
disoriented, a little dizzy.
>>JAY: No electricity
or anything,
>>RODRIGUES: No.
It was a strange--
it was a strange--
>>JAY: So the train
went through a portal.
>>RODRIGUES: It portaled.
>>JAY: It came out
of the other side--
>>RODRIGUES: --to Ceres.
Yeah.
And they said on the train
over the intercom-- they said,
you had to drink
water immediately
because your electrolytes
were off-balance,
and it could be
dangerous if you didn't.
And so we all lined up.
They had people there
waiting, giving us water.
And the people, like I said,
that were professional people--
they were giving them
bottles of water.
Guys like me, which there
were a handful of us--
I'll put a number on the guys,
maybe eight guys like me,
maybe 15.
I don't know.
I don't remember for sure.
They gave us a
little cup of water.
And I remember going--
I was swallowing.
I was dying of thirst,
and I wanted more.
But there was a line
that said, hurry up.
You've got to get over
there and line up.
It was like the old Nazi movies.
There was a guy on a
podium talking in German.
There were soldiers, hundreds of
soldiers lined up in formation.
They came.
There was a German guy
in a German uniform
with a gun on sidearm.
And he handed us green
little pieces of paper
with German writing on them.
And he said, you guys
are going to take this--
I think he called us
slaves, you slaves.
He said, you slaves are going
to read this when you're
called upon, and as your best.
And if you don't
want to read it,
you can go right over there.
And he pointed, and there was
a black spot on the ground.
He said, last month
we had some slaves,
and they didn't
want to read this,
and we took them right
there, and we shot them.
Is anybody going
to get shot today?
And we all just
sat there quietly.
I didn't say anything.
He said, good.
Now get over there in line,
and when you're called upon,
you're going to read this,
and when you're done,
you're going to
salute that flag.
>>JAY: Was he speaking
in fluent English?
>>RODRIGUES: European-accented
English, yes.
>>JAY: So then what did you do?
>>RODRIGUES: We did
exactly we said,
and it went on for a while.
The podium guy went on talking
in German or another language--
it was German, but--
>>JAY: I'm a little
confused about this.
What are the Germans
doing on Ceres?
>>RODRIGUES: The Germans moved.
They have a breakaway
civilization there.
They had about 225,000
people living there.
>>JAY: On Ceres?
>>RODRIGUES: They had
about 40,000 slaves
like me living there in
the area that I was living.
There are two other alien
species that are living there.
>>JAY: And are you living on
the surface, or is this all--
>>RODRIGUES:
Completely underground.
They had monitoring stations
on parts of the planet.
It might look like a weather
station that were like a rock,
but they were watching
outside of the planet,
and they did their best
to hide their presence
as best they could.
Inside on Ceres,
there are places
that are called cold
traps in craters
that never show the sun.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RODRIGUES: And they had the
entrances to their hangar,
the one that I went to,
there inside a cold trap.
But they had observation
posts, and they
have satellites around Ceres
that are watching nearby.
They wanted their presence
to not be obvious, as much as
possible.
But they had found the
caverns there first.
They had found it and
then built onto it.
They found ruins
there and moved in.
>>JAY: So like the
ancient builder
race or something had come
and built this place out,
and then the Germans found it.
>>RODRIGUES: I don't know
a whole lot about that,
but I believe so.
They kept a lot of it secret.
And there were places that I
went that still had technology
from what they had found.
There were doors that
were mentally interacted.
The door knew you were
there, not the person
on the inside of the door.
And it would tell the person
on the inside of the door
that somebody was there--
all telepathically.
And that person could make you
go away, could cause you pain,
and make you go away if
you weren't welcome--
or open the door.
The door itself could
literally cause pain to you.
>>JAY: And how is
this cavern lit?
>>RODRIGUES: There were
many different caverns.
Some of them were
artificial lights.
Most of the bigger ones--
the Germans had built European
replica buildings inside.
There was an entire
area that was a replica,
and I might be wrong
when I say this,
but I believe it was a
replica of Copenhagen
inside a big natural cavern.
And there were other
places that were connected
that were long trapezoid-shaped
caverns that were smooth,
and they had rows of
buildings with columns.
They were big on the--
it looked like
1930s, 1940s marble.
There were marble
steps everywhere.
There were columns everywhere.
And there were narrow
streets that they
had electrical vehicles for
emergency staff or the police,
for 911, for that.
There was a train system
that connected everything.
There was a lot of
walking or a train system.
And there were craft
that would go up out
of the gravity into the
microgravity and then fly.
There were ferries that
went into the big caverns,
and I rode one one time.
Basically, the
artificial gravity only
went up 30 feet or so, and
you would get on a craft,
and it had big skids that
lifted it up out of the gravity,
and then it would float
there, and it just had
fans, jet fans that moved it.
And it was like a tour bus.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RODRIGUES: And it
would fly, and then
the skids would
be waiting for it,
and it would lower back
down into the gravity, where
the gravity range was,
and you would disembark.
>>JAY: So they are still
using the gravity floors here
on Ceres, too?
>>RODRIGUES: And there
were miles of it.
>>JAY: Miles.
>>RODRIGUES: Miles and miles and
miles of artificial gravity--
because Ceres itself
is only 500 miles wide,
so it's a microgravity
environment.
There was this
alien species there
that was about nine
feet tall, and they
wore some kind of
jewelry, like a bracelet,
and wherever they
went, the gravity
turned down because our
gravity was too heavy for them.
So where they were standing
locally on that floor block,
the gravity would
lower for them.
>>JAY: So there was an
AI that was controlling
it or regulating it?
Or you don't know?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
>>JAY: And so did you
communicate with these Germans?
>>RODRIGUES: They could turn
on the translator-- on and off.
>>JAY: What's a translator?
>>RODRIGUES: They
had the ability
to be talking like
we were in German,
and they could flick a
switch, and I could understand
what they were saying.
>>JAY: Like a little
machine or something?
>>RODRIGUES: No.
It was locally.
It was built into
the area you were.
And it worked for other people.
I worked with people
that spoke Italian,
and when you were in the
local area at the door,
leaving the ship,
there was one there.
So whenever you stood
near it, the translator
worked, or in the
elevator of the ship.
Literally, I was
outside the elevator,
and I listened to two
guys talking in German.
We all three walked on to the
elevator, and all of a sudden,
I could understand
what they were saying--
like the damn thing blew apart.
You wouldn't believe it.
And then they shut up.
They didn't want me to
hear what they were saying,
and when they got
off the elevator,
they started talking
in German again.
It was just localized
to certain areas.
>>JAY: Interesting.
Because you were at the
American base on Mars, and then
you were sent to
the German base,
apparently by the Americans.
Is there an alliance?
>>RODRIGUES: Sold off.
Well, I don't know
the political--
but like I said, I was tested
to see what I was ideal for.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RODRIGUES: When you were
obsolete for one task,
you would be tested and then
put in your next optimal task.
>>JAY: Makes sense.
>>RODRIGUES: So I'm sure
they're trading resources.
All the colonies up
there-- and there's
many, more than
anybody knows about.
>>JAY: So you were traded.
>>RODRIGUES: They were trading
assets between each other.
Why wouldn't they?
>>JAY: Sure.
Makes sense.
Especially if there's a
shortage of personnel.
All right, so then
what happened?
You're on Ceres, and you
have artificial gravity,
and there's Germans.
Are the Germans nice to you?
>>RODRIGUES: No, absolutely not.
No.
>>JAY: What are they like?
>>RODRIGUES: Militant.
I was a slave for them--
the same way they would
treat slave labor here.
We did our salute.
We read our thing
as best we could
in German, which I had
no clue on how to do.
We had to stagger
through the words,
thinking that I was going to
and fearing of being shot.
They made us do the--
we did that salute.
And then they took us to
our area where we lived,
where I lived for the
next 11 or 12 years.
>>JAY: Really?
You lived 11 or
12 years on Ceres?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
And it was like a prison
with no bars, with no doors.
It was probably a 5 by 10
with a cot and a little drawer
next to me.
And it was like a
prison cell, and there
were all guys in there.
And you could come and
go, but it took money
to ride the trains
and get into town,
and I had no money,
so you're stuck there.
Unless you want to
walk it, and you
had to be back at a certain
time, or you'd be disciplined.
>>JAY: So there was a town.
>>RODRIGUES: There were many.
There is a network of towns.
There were rings around
of the train stops,
and they were
building like crazy.
From the time I got there
until the time I left,
they added many
more train routes.
You could walk up and see
them at the train station.
>>JAY: So is the
population growing there?
>>RODRIGUES: Yes.
Oh yeah.
Real estate was a big deal.
It was the biggest
deal to them on Ceres.
They had another outpost
out in the Kuiper Belt
where they stored--
like a warehouse--
where we would take cargo
because they didn't have room
to store it on Ceres.
>>JAY: Do the Germans have
any exotic technologies
like life extension
or anything like that?
>>RODRIGUES: I believe so.
>>JAY: Yeah.
So these could have been like
maybe older than they appeared,
these Germans?
>>RODRIGUES: The command crews
of the ships that I was on
were born there.
Or they were Germans
from Ceres, and they
had completely
different educations.
They had a completely different
version of Earth history
that they were educated
in than we are.
They had a completely
different upbringing.
They had different morals, and
they believed different things.
I believe that they were
doing selective breeding
with each other.
In other words,
arranged marriages
for genetic advantages.
And so they believed themselves
better than everybody on Earth
for that reason.
>>JAY: What is the
point of the Germans?
What are they after?
Are they after resources?
>>RODRIGUES: Now, the
first ship I worked on,
when I did repair, I had
no idea where we were going
or what we did.
I didn't know.
I had no idea if
we even left dock.
We just went in the ship
and did what I was told,
and it was Groundhog Day
for seven years, six,
seven years, eight years.
I don't know how long.
That's how blurry that was.
It was just the same
thing every day.
But later on, I
was promoted, and I
ended up being a
cargo engineer and put
on a more modern ship and
advanced ship when that one was
antiquated and fell apart.
And our mission on
that ship was purely
to get technology from
other races, other sentient
races in the universe.
And we went to other star
systems in the galaxy
most of the time.
We used a natural portal
to go to other galaxies.
>>JAY: Really.
>>RODRIGUES: We
did trade missions.
We wanted to trade
goods for tech or tech
for tech or anything
we could for tech.
>>JAY: So these ships would
be parked inside Ceres,
and then you would
get on for a mission,
and you would go out
and do something,
and you were one
of the guys that
kept the ship running, right?
>>RODRIGUES: Well, I did cargo.
Yeah, well--
>>JAY: Cargo.
>>RODRIGUES: Couple ships.
I was a cargo engineer
at my highest rank.
>>JAY: You were cargo, OK.
This is later on.
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
>>JAY: So would you say what,
10 years total, then, on Ceres?
>>RODRIGUES: I like to
think it's 12, 12 years.
So eight years of that
was just repair work--
>>JAY: Groundhog Day.
>>RODRIGUES: --on an older
ship that had submarine doors.
And I remember whenever
we were in a hurry,
we'd trip over the threshold.
You had to step over
it, and the newer ship
had a shorter threshold.
The old ship had a
threshold about that big,
and then the newer one had
a pocket door that closed,
so you didn't have
to swing it open.
And it had a smaller
threshold, so it was a breeze,
and I remember being
happy about that.
>>JAY: Yeah, the reports are are
that they were actually using
submarines in the early days
of the Secret Space Program
because they were perfectly--
>>RODRIGUES: And that's exactly
what it looked like to me
on the inside.
There were pipes and
wires and things.
It was very crowded.
>>JAY: Could it have
come from the 1950s?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah, we were
replacing old valves and things
with newer equipment.
We had auto-welding
equipment that
doesn't exist on Earth today,
so that's an exotic technology.
Imagine a pipe, a steel pipe.
It was a collar you'd put
around it, and it was electric.
It would recharge in
its locker, and there
was a canister for cutting.
And there was a rod
to feed, and all
you had to do was program
it and turn it on,
and it would take
about five minutes,
and it would go around
it and cut the pipe.
Then you'd move it and
cut your section out,
and I could put a new section
there and put on the other one
and put the broad in, and
it would perfectly weld it.
So I was a welder.
But I wasn't.
I didn't have any talent at all.
It was completely automated.
>>JAY: So you were
taking this old ship
and trying to modernize it.
>>RODRIGUES: It
had some technology
that dealt with its maintenance,
and we were maintenance.
That's what we did.
>>JAY: It would seem to me
that if the Germans had created
technologies to get to
Ceres before everybody else,
and now they're
sending ships out, even
going to other galaxies
to find technology,
then those Germans on Ceres must
be extremely advanced by now.
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
>>JAY: Like almost another
species or something.
>>RODRIGUES: I've
said in the past
that I believe they were
more advanced technologically
but less advanced socially,
culturally than us.
They were very oppressive.
They were very arrogant,
and they were into slavery,
and we did illegal things.
In the colonies in our solar
system, in the space program,
there's a set of laws.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RODRIGUES: They
had a set of laws,
and we would always
talk about it.
I think one is that
they're not supposed
to attack any other colony.
One colony cannot militarily--
couldn't, back then--
militarily attack
another colony.
But we could attack a colony
of humans that originated
in another star system.
Even if they were humans,
we could attack them,
and there would
be no consequence.
But you couldn't attack.
But the Germans didn't
care about that.
There are laws about
media from Earth--
no media should be
read from Earth.
The Germans had access to
our books, to our music.
>>JAY: Wait a minute.
Are you saying that you guys
couldn't watch television
from Earth or anything?
>>RODRIGUES: They had
their own television.
They had their own sports
and things up there.
I'd be in public
places in the city--
>>JAY: So you had
no idea what was
going on Earth at this time.
>>RODRIGUES: That's right.
But some of the residents there
did have access to our media.
They did have our music.
They did have sporting events
that happened down here
that they were watching.
And that's against the
law in the colonies.
And they gave zero
care about that.
The Ceres colony
corporation and the ship
that I worked on
when I had freedom
and I had access to
the mission briefings,
when I was a cargo engineer,
routinely broke those laws,
routinely broke the law
between the space program--
the solar system law.
We stole from other colonies.
We engaged other colonies.
We stole from other ETs.
It was to do anything
they could possibly
do to get more
technology, and they
didn't care how they did it.
>>JAY: And there were
no consequences for all
of this illegal activity?
>>RODRIGUES: No they got
away with most of it.
They knew what they were--
>>JAY: Why wouldn't
these Germans
be planning on
taking over the Earth
if they had this
high technology?
>>RODRIGUES: As far as
they were concerned,
the Earth is already taken over.
>>JAY: By?
>>RODRIGUES: The
banks-- that they run.
As far as they were
concerned, they already
took over the earth, that
the Earth was an entire slave
planet to the Germans.
That's how they
referred to it, and when
they had pictures
of the Earth, there
was always a chain around it.
>>JAY: Really?
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah.
The later missions we did--
whenever they needed goods from
Earth, they would get military
boots or guns or Jeeps
or whatever it was--
we would go to Diego Garcia,
and there would be a couple--
I don't know, two or three
American officers at Diego.
We would go in the
middle of the night,
and everybody else that
was stationed there
wouldn't know it was a secret.
But there was a landing
area, and we went there,
and we'd wait for shipments
to come in sometimes.
We'd have to go
out to sea and wait
and then fly in and grab
cargo fast and leave.
But anytime they got military
equipment, anything-- missiles,
anything--
we went to Diego
Garcia and got it.
And one time, the guy
that normally signed it
to the American officer
was with me, and he said,
I need somebody to sign this.
Will you sign this?
And I thought, OK, I guess.
He's like, anybody can sign it.
Because I said,
I'm not a officer.
I'm not anything.
And so I did, and
he said, you guys
are starting to get
quite a big tab,
and he showed me some
astronomical number of money
they owed.
And I asked about it
in the mission briefing
the next morning, does
anybody have anything to add?
I would go to those
briefings in the morning.
Most of it was in German, and
when they needed my report
on how much room was
in the cargo bay,
they would turn
on the translator
and go, how much room
is in Cargo Bay--
I was in, there was a A, B, C--
I was in D and E. I was in
charge of D and E cargo bays.
But I raised my hand.
I said, the guy at Diego Garcia
said we're running a big tab.
Is that going to be squared up?
And they burst into laughter.
They were crying
laughing over that,
at me, because they
didn't pay a dime,
because the Americans
thought that the Germans were
paying for the goods there.
But the truth is they
just got whatever
they wanted for free
from them because they're
in charge anyway--
because it's a secret--
>>JAY: They're all
part of the same group.
>>RODRIGUES: --administration,
right, and our black budget
dollars are covering
those goods.
We would go there, like I said,
in the middle of the night.
I remember one time we
were waiting on cargo,
and it was late.
There was a ship coming late.
So there's a place called
Turtle Bay or Turtle Cove,
and we would go over there,
and they would drop a cargo net
down, and we could go swimming.
They let us take a
break and go swimming.
And the ship that we
were on was hard-capped
at 10 meters above any object.
So it was always about
30 feet above whatever,
wherever we were.
It couldn't go lower.
It was always flying.
And so there was
a big cargo net,
and I remember this
because I went swimming.
I thought, great, I'm going
to go swimming in the ocean.
And I went swimming down there,
and it was a big deal to me
because I was with the
crew that was free.
I was a slave.
But I got tired going up the
cargo net, and one of the crew
saw me struggling, and I was
winded when I got to the top,
30 feet up, of climbing a
cargo net, and he reported me.
And so I had to get PT
for three months, 90 days.
I had to go and
run every morning
and exercise to get back in
shape, and it was just brutal.
>>JAY: All because
you were struggling.
>>RODRIGUES: Yeah,
I was out of shape.
And so I never did that again.
We could go swimming.
I'd go down there and wave
at everybody and hang out,
but I would never
go in the water
because I didn't want to
go up that cargo net again.
>>JAY: Right.
So your ships would leave
Ceres, come to the earth,
land at Diego Garcia at night so
no one could see you, I guess,
load up--
>>RODRIGUES: Or drop off.
>>JAY: Or drop off.
And what would you drop off?
>>RODRIGUES: We took so many
different forms of cargo.
We did 50-gallon barrels,
drums of something.
We did big crates
of wooden crates.
We did cardboard.
We did graphite, high-tech
looking graphite boxes,
on and on and on.
We took whatever it was.
And we had loader
systems that would drop,
and we would grab cargo.
>>JAY: Were they mining?
>>RODRIGUES: On Ceres,
they were mining.
>>JAY: Yeah, let's
talk about that.
>>RODRIGUES: My
first day there, I
checked into the area I lived.
There is a buzzer
that would go off,
and all the lights
would come on.
And then you went
to a train station.
Right outside the
door was a train stop.
And they say, house will be on.
I asked the guy--
there was a security,
and I said, where do I go?
He said, follow them.
And I got on the train,
and I went to the mines,
and I thought, this is wrong.
I haven't been trained
to mine anything.
It was a mistake.
And they were like, shut up.
When I said something
to the security,
they said, shut up and go
back there and go with them,
and this is where
you're going to be.
This is your life.
Get in there.
And they had some
high-tech mining stuff.
They had a beam tool that
would just blow the wall out,
and it would be in
the microgravity.
They would go in
there and shoot it,
and then two guys would
go in microgravity
and scoop the
stuff out, and then
a crew guys would come
and lay that floor,
the artificial gravity
plating floor--
immediately.
It was impressive.
So I asked-- it was all
the same kind of material.
It was all the same stuff.
And I thought, what
are we doing with this?
And they would take it out.
Then they would come--
there was a cart or an electric
truck that looked like a cart
that they would
load up and clean.
>>JAY: And what are they mining?
>>RODRIGUES: Nothing.
>>JAY: Nothing.
>>RODRIGUES: They were
looking for water.
>>JAY: Ah.
>>RODRIGUES: They wanted water.
And I said, what are we mining?
They said that it all
gets used for something.
They were turning it into
concrete or whatever,
but everything got used.
But they said, we're
looking for water.
And I said, well, what if we
break into water, and it comes?
We're going to drown.
He said, yeah, but
that's what they want.
They had stations set up in
the mine that would close off.
They had they had set up system
that would seal off everything.
And it was far away.
I remember when I went
in, the system to seal off
was a great distance
away-- a hundred yards,
a few hundred yards back.
>>JAY: So you
accidentally got put
on this mining crew for one day.
>>RODRIGUES: One day.
>>JAY: Yeah, and you got
to see all this cool stuff.
>>RODRIGUES: The security, when
I got back to where I lived,
were there to discipline me.
>>JAY: Yeah.
>>RODRIGUES: They thought--
I was going to get shot
or killed, whatever.
I was in big trouble.
And I said, no, no.
He told me to get on the train.
And they said, OK, and
they set them straight.
There was a mix-up, a
wrinkle on their end.
So the next morning, I went
through the same thing,
and they explained why I
had a different outfit.
And then I went
to the hangar bay
and had my first
day on the ship,
and that's how that worked.
>>JAY: So one of the things
that viewers are going to wonder
is why you are doing
low-level maintenance
when they can
easily hire a robot
or build a robot to do it.
>>RODRIGUES: I've been asked
the same thing many times,
and my answer is, people
are the best robot.
I went from a mine
to working there
to being on the ship where
I was trained to doing cargo
where I was trained.
That's three different robots
you would have to build.
The other thing is it's not
like they paid for health care,
or they paid for the food.
They had food-replicating
technology.
It was free.
They just needed a
room to put us in,
and they could put us back in--
the main thing that they
beat us up over the head
with constantly
when you said this,
when we were treated inhumanely,
was that don't worry, it's OK.
You're not going to
remember, anyway.
You're not going to remember.
So they could do
whatever they want.
Why would you do that?
A robot takes more
energy, is inefficient.
>>JAY: Well, Tony.
Thanks a lot.
Your story is
amazing, and I want
to thank you all for watching.
>>Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement
with government agencies, the
military, and secret space
programs.
>>SMITH: They have their
own atmosphere, too.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>SMITH: And they have a
different kind of atmosphere.
>>RICE: Fear is an
incredible motivator
to get people to move forward
to embrace technology.
>>RODRIGUES: They
took my spark of life
or my consciousness out of
me and put me in that clone.